# A few notices on creating your own drivers

I'm not fully gonna document how the compression drivers of JCR6 work in this document but I am going to put in a few pointers that can be important.

- Compression drivers should all have lower case names. The usage of any upper case levels is reserved for special internal drivers that must always be present, like "Store". Or for actions that are not even regular compression, but rather a kind of multiple actions (like "Brute" which will try all compression methods and return the best result).
- For alternate file format drivers I do not have this rule, however try to make sure the name you use for those are unique.
- JCR6 will only be able to write JCR6 files, support for other file formats will always be read-only.
- Compression algorithm drivers can be used for both reading and writing.
- As JCR6 uses the Mozilla Public License, you are required to keep the source code of JCR6 itself and the drivers it comes with by default under this license, even if you modify them for usage in an close source project, however the source code of your own project does NOT have to fall under this license, as the MPL as NOT viral like the GPL. We call this a a "weak copyleft" license, and I chose for "weak copyleft" on purpose. This license should be compatible with the GPL though! The beauty of this is also that if you want use use a unique compression method (in order to protect your files) you can do so without violating this license. When you create drivers by yourself you can just do so under your own license terms even close-sourced. Of course, this will mean when you use the JCR6 cli tools, the pre-built tools won't work anymore so you will have to rebuild them all. These cli tools have a GNU license, but I will only put that into effect if you actually distribute the binaries created that way. 

- The JCR6 file format has been set up to be modular. This to make the format provide loads of freedom and to make it really expandable. Any kind of data can be put in the meta data of files, after all. When it comes to the field names of the meta file either for a JCR6 file as a whole as for a JCR6 file entry the "__" prefix is reserved for the system values JCR6 will need itself. Any sort of future functionality that will be part of the standard will be put in "__" prefixed fieldnames.
- The ratios are not stored inside the JCR6 files but calculated real time. The official standard for JCR6 is "reduced to" and not "reduced by" for all viewer tools showing ratios. I know this is contrary to zip where the "reduced by" setup is used. Other tools, such as ARJ, RAR and LHA use the "reduced to" method, which is far less confusing in my opinion. If you create a viewer tool yourself where "reduced by" is used, I cannot stop you, but please be clear on the method you use.
